

-------- OBJECT EVENTS --------

CREATE:
	This event happens when an instance of the object is first created, and is the 
	very first thing that happens within an instance placed in the room through the
	Room Editor when a room is entered. This means that this event is the ideal 
	place to initialize variables, start Timelines, set Paths etc... and do anything 
	else that generally only needs to be done once or only when an instance is first 
	created in the room. If your object has any Object Variables or Instance 
	Variables added in either the Object Editor or the Room Editor, then these 
	variables will be initialised first and then the Create Event will be run.


STEP:
	GameMaker splits time into steps with the room speed defining how many of 
	these steps there are supposed to be per second (a step can also be called 
	a frame). A single step, is basically the loop that runs constantly with all 
	the events being checked and triggered as necessary while the game runs, so 
	as you can imagine, the Step Event is an event that is checked every single 
	step of the game while the instance exists.

	What can the step event be used for? Well, it can be used for actions or code 
	that needs to be executed continuously. For example, if one object should follow 
	another, here you can adapt the direction of motion towards the object we are 
	following to keep it moving smoothly behind. Be careful with this event though, 
	and don't put many complicated actions in the step event of objects, especially 
	if you are planning on having lots of instances of the object in your game room, 
	as this might slow the game down. Many things can be placed into alarms, or set 
	to trigger using some of the Other events, rather than happening all the time.

DRAW:
	This event category is the one that governs what you see on the screen when you 
	run your game, and is split into various discreet events: ......
	As you can see, the draw event category has multiple different event types. Draw 
	Begin, Draw and Draw End are the "standard" draw events which you will probably 
	use most. By default the main Draw event is always called for every instance, 
	regardless of whether it has a sprite or not, although if you flag the instance 
	as invisible, the event will not be triggered (so keep this in mind if you have 
	any game logic in the draw event of an invisible object, as it won't run). The 
	main draw event is also where GameMaker default draws the instance sprite when 
	there is no code nor actions in the event (ie: you haven't added it into the 
	event list for the object). Default drawing uses the sprite associated with the 
	instance and will draw that with any transforms set in code or actions applied.










